So what is your tempo or pace?
If you don't know, think about your own behaviors as we review this slide.
Use language that's distinctly your own.
People will begin to more easily identify and understand your communications.
Let your values come through in your communication.
Often,
leaders or project managers will opt for the sanitized corporate
voice instead of their own because they think the former is more
eloquent and maybe even more appropriate.
That is not to say that correct grammar and the use of language aren't
important; strong leaders know how to string a sentence together,
but don't focus only on eloquence.
Concentrate on being distinct and the real you.
People want real.
People respect real.
People follow real.
Here is what I want you not to do.
Every morning you just head straight to your office and close the door.
Here is what I would like you to do.
Every morning you come in and say good morning and get a pulse of your team.
Spend those few extra minutes to chat with a couple people; good morning,
how're you doing, etc.
Here's a tip.
Don't disguise who you are.
Be genuine and people will respect you for it.
Try to be available and visible as much as possible.
This ability is about letting your teammates and your customers get
a feel for who you are and what you care about.
Be seen interacting with customers, stakeholders, and team members.
It's easy to hide behind a computer today and send email messages to
others without seeing or interacting with them.
I see this way too much.
Although electronic communication serves a valuable purpose,
it is no substitute for face-to-face or voice-to-voice communication.
In today's environment,
people need to feel a personal connection to you
and the work that you believe in.
Do a walk-around,
to make sure you're allocating time regularly to be out on the floor,
in the cubicles, in the call center, in the computer lab,
or wherever your team or stakeholders reside.
I will talk more about that in the walk-around area later in this module.
Now here is what not to do.
Someone shows up at your door and you turn them away.
I see this a lot and it's not so much intentional per se.
You're busy, you've got this going on, and it's hard to kind of break away.
Here is what I would like you to do.
Welcome anyone at any time.
Yes, that can be tough when you are busy,
but if they took the time to come to your office,
on their own, somewhat random,
do not pass up the opportunity to hear what they have to say.
It serves many purposes.
Listening, caring, inclusiveness, etc.
Here's a tip.
Show your people that you're engaged and care about them and their work. This will greatly enhance productivity.